add an option to upload the open data (#247)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-autorift: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.14.2]
### Added

> * the option upload-opendata to upload the produdct to s3://its-live-data bucket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--publish` option has been added to the HyP3 entry point to publish product to the ITS_LIVE AWS Open Data bucket, `s3://its-live-data`.
```

> * `--publish` option has been added to the HyP3 entry point to publish product to the ITS_LIVE AWS Open Data bucket, `s3://its-live-data`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `--publish` option has been added to the HyP3 entry point to publish product to the ITS_LIVE AWS Open Data bucket, `s3://its-live-data`.
* `upload_file_to_s3_with_upload_access_keys` to perform S3 uploads with credentialed S3 clients.
* use of `UPLOAD_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `UPLOAD_ACCESS_KEY_SECRET` to upload products to write-protected bucket.
```
